.\" Manpage for chead
.\" Contact aglick@aglick.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH CHEAD 1 "03 June 2013" "1.0" "Comment Header Manual"

.SH NAME
chead - pritty print comments

.SH SYNOPSIS
chead [<Language Selection>] [<output format>] [-clipboard]
      [<input alignment>] [-length #] [-width #] Input ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
chead is used to create neat and tidy looking coments for your code in order to make it readable and understandable while also looking pretty

.SH OPTIONS
.SS Output Size and Shape
-l, --length <value>
.RS 4
Change the number of rows that are displayed with the resulting comment header. If there are more lines of text then the length requested the length will be extended to fit the number of line. If there are fewer lines of text then the number selected empty lines will be appended to the text.
.RE
.PP
-w, --width <value>
.RS 4
Change how many columns the text box takes up defaults to 80. Note that this is the outside width of the text box not the width that characters will be able to exist in.
.RE
.PP
.SS Output formats
Only a single output format flag may be specified. If more then one is specified an error will be thrown.
.PP
-h, --help
.RS 4
Bring up help text to display a basic set of commands and instructions on how to use the program
.RE
.PP
-s, --signature
.RS 4
Displays a box surrounding the centered text of your signature file found at \fB~/.signaturesource\fR. The signature file should be formatted such that each line of text has the same number of characters in order to avoid problems with formatting when being displayed.
.RE
.PP
-b, --bsd-license
.RS 4
Generates a 2 Clause BSD licence using the input provided as the coppyright holder's name. The data on the licence is automaticly generated as well. Changing the display size to have a smaller width will not break the formatting of the licence text
.RE
.PP
-t, --title
.RS 4 
Output a title banner instead of a function header. No extra input is used for titles. The length flag will also have no effect on the title. If the title's text is too long then it will break formatting.
.RE
.PP
-f, --function
.RS 4
Output a function header to wrap around a block of text. This is the default option between of the output modes.
.RE
.PP
.SS Input formats
-i, --extended
.RS 4
Accept input from an outside source as well, this can be used if data is being piped into chead or use a text editor to input the information into chead. Text entered this way is aligned left.
.RE
.PP
-m, --middle-align
.RS 4
Accept extended input from an outside source and align to the middle. This can be used in addition th default extended input command to override alignment or can be used by itself with the same result.
.RE
.PP
-r, --right-align
.RS 4
Accept extended input from an outside source and align to the right. This can be used in addition th default extended input command to override alignment or can be used by itself with the same result. 
.RE
.PP
.SS Misc commands
-v, --clipboard
.RS 4
Instead of outputting the code to sdtout, chead will automaticly pipe it into xclip in order to copy it to your clipboard. If xclip is not installed and this flag is present a warning will be displayed and the output will be displayed to stdout.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH AUTHOR
chead was written by asherglick \fB<aglick@aglick.com>\fR. Source and issue tracker can be found at \fIgithub.com/AsherGlick/CommentHeader\fR